P4,922,070~$113,208

3 bedrooms
65m^2 floor area
88m^2 Land Size

Bellissima Valenza

Situated in Santa Rosa City - one of the Philippines' fastest growing cities - surrounded by premium shopping centers and renowned educational institutions, lies Valenza!

Here, find an array of impressive Italian-inspired house models amidst an inspiring neighborhood complete with gorgeous statues, fountains and, beautiful parks and gardens, reminiscent of a lovely town in Italy.

Valenza offers House and Lots, Lot Only and Condominiums to suit the varied need of every home buyer.

 

Designer Series

Valenza offers two types of pre-selling house and lots. The first one being, the Designer Series. 

The Designer Series is a house with bare finishing, which gives you the opportunity to design your dream home. 

It comes with no room partitions and no floor finishing, to give you the chance to choose how many rooms you want and how big you want it to be.

The Designer Series ranges from 65 SQM to 211 SQM of floor area. Starting from 4.9 Million Pesos.

Designer 65

With a floor area of 65 SQM (700 sqft) and a minimum lot area of 88 SQM (947 sqft,) the Designer 65 is the smallest house offered in both Valenza and the Designer Series.

As a part of the Designer Series, the Designer 65 comes with bare finishing, it has no bedroom partitions, a cemented floor, and a painted exposed steel deck ceiling. Which gives you the opportunity to select the materials you want, choose how many bedrooms you need, and design the house you'll surely adore.

It has 2 fully finished bathrooms and a single carport, and space for 2 - 3 Bedrooms.

The Reservation Fee for the Designer 65 is at Php 40,000

Yours for as low as Php 39,000 a month.

For concerns, inquiries or if you would wish to visit our lovely community, you can contact me through the details provided.



Details
    Carport
    Swimming pool
    Tennis court
    Courtyard
    Jogging path
    Sports facilities
    Basketball court
    Parks
    24-hour security
    Clubhouse
    Playground
    Badminton court
    Function area

http://www.lamudi.com.ph/pre-selling-2-bedroom-3-bedroom-two-story-house-valenza-santa-rosa-laguna-372275-21.html

